[My Self-Introduction](https://youtu.be/z0Fitgf_PSU)

Hello! My name is Igor Checheurov. I live in Moscow. Thank you for your time watching my video CV. It is first time I shoot video CV and I’m a bit nervous. So, be lenient, please.

Lately, I learned a new English word. It is “switcher”. And I’m switcher. I’ve been working as an engineering manager for a Swedish company producing industrial metal cutting tools for more than 20 years. It was fun. Unfortunately, the company decided to close its production facility in Moscow in 2020. And I found that it is hard to find a job in production in Moscow for a person with my expertise and background let alone my age.

But they say see good in bad. During all my career I was more or less related to IT and programming and I liked it very much. I even coded a program in FORTRAN to calculate the steel rolling process for my graduation project in Moscow Steel and Alloy Institute in 1983. I worked as a programmer for a short period later and was involved in installation and running of multiple programs as project leader, administrator or key user. I performed the duty of IT coordinator of the production facility during last 4 years.

I programmed now and then for myself and for small business tasks. During last two years, I learned Java and Kotlin focusing on Android programming, reading books and watching online courses. This summer, while browsing an IT news site I came across an ad about the Rolling Scopes School course on JavaScript. I was always curious about JavaScript which looked to me like a very powerful language for the Web. In addition to, the course included topics on Git and CSS which were also interesting for me. So, I enrolled in the course, starting with the Preparation Stage. The preparation stage was not easy, not at all. I failed to accomplish a couple of most difficult tasks. But I learned a lot. I hope to pass the main course and find a job in IT. I’m sure it will not be easy. But I will try. Bye-bye!
